                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2015)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Honam Bang

 
B: Myron Liu

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings                       22             22	  	  	 
coding 	  	  	       24             24
writeup 	  	        8	      8 
planning (alone) 	       18             18 	 
total (including meetings)     72             72 	  	  	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member? 
We first brainstormed some ideas together. Then we  worked on the code together.
Whenever we parted ways, we came up with a couple of small ideas that we could
individually test out. We would then convene and discuss what seemed to work,
and what did not. In this way, we gradually pieced together the elements of
the project.

(b) Did you complete the assignment? Almost. We couldn't achieve the target
(over 5.0 gigaflops), but we tried most methods discussed in the class and
analyze our experiment result in different views including using cachegrind
 
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    We should have met more to share each other's idea. Our strength was
thinking a good idea for this assignment, but we got some trouble in
programming since debugging took a lot of time.

(d) What lessons did you learn from these events.
When writing code at the low level, what we learned is that we should consider
how the sysyem works based on the architecture. Before this assignment, we
only had considered algorithmic analysis based on the time complexity, rather
than considring the cache. 

(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together.
We will meet more, spend more time for the pair programming from the next
assignment.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
Nope.


